# Helping-Paw

#Helping Paw is an application that helps plan your day based on how you would like to spend your time in relation to your average daily routine. However, what makes Helping Paw special is its unique design to promote mental health and adapt to the user’s lifestyle. It’s a stress-free planner application that will help the user complete their goals in a realistic manner with a positive helping hand. In each view, the user will see a cat in the right corner giving special instructions, guidance, and encouragement such as “You're doing great!” and “Productivity master!” except in the OptionsView that is accessed through the MainView, this is where the user can set up their theme from our pastel variety pack and even select one of out of our three trusty helping paw agents, Phil, Ed, and Salem, to guide you through your task with a helping paw. Once the user is ready they can head to the PlannerView where their task will be displayed in three listviews, Morning, Afternoon, and Evening with two buttons for the user to click on the “Edit Task” button and the “Start a Timer” button. To begin the user must select the “Edit Task” button in order to switch to the view where they can edit, add and delete their task. In this view, the user will be prompted by one of our helping lab agents to fill in the text field with the task name and select the corresponding time of day from the drop-down menu next to the text field and add it to their task displayed in a list view fashioned the same as in the planner view separated by Morning, Afternoon and Evening. If they desire to delete a task they’ve created the helping paw agent will also guide them to simply select the task in the listview and then click the delete button in order to remove the task completely. Once the tasks are to the users liking they can head back to the PlannerView but click the “Back” button and from here their list will be displayed in time of day order ready to be selected by the user. When the User is ready to begin a task they will be promoted to select a task and then click on the “Start a Task” button to take them to the TimerView which will have the task the user selected displayed underneath a circular progression bar and once they entered in an amount of time in minutes they would like to take to complete the task there will be a visual aid of how much time the user has complete thus far. In the TimerView there is also an option to pause or to select done in case you finish earlier than previously anticipated. After the task is complete it will be removed from the tasks listview and in the TimerView the next task to do based on the time of day and next in line to what has been selected to complete first will then appear in the task name textbox. There are no known bugs in our code and each team member contributed to the progress. For example, Andrea worked most on setting up the timer and progression bar and Bianca did most of the model to set up the cats, task systems and Litzy participated in setting up parts of the model and views for the program.
